Mingyuan, your admission letter has arrived
Is there really Mifeng?
Thank you.
A provincial university
There's another one.
rich
Teacher, teacher, come down quickly
I got the big leaking bottle of water oops
Slow down slow down good boy good boy yeah
My waist can't stand your tossing like this.
Girl, be polite to us, haha, let's go
Let's go shopping for delicious food
What are you so happy about?
Liu scum, I got into college
Isn't that certain?
There's one more thing to tell you
What? Your birth parents?
Got a clue
Tell me about the jade Ruyi before.
It is the work of a generation of master carvers, Zhong Ling
mid order
Didn't Zhongling close the mountain when he arrived at Ning's house?
Only the head of the Ning family has received his two works
In return, I heard that Mr. Ning loves like a treasure
How did your grandmother get this?
So it seems
Xiao Yuan
You have to be prepared.
You may really be a child of the Ning family
Your family will be returning to Shanghai after a while.
I'll follow up then.
But
No reason.
How can you thank me?
How do you want me to thank you?
When I returned to Beijing some time ago
Already with my old man
It shows my attitude of not marrying you, so
Waiting for you to go to college
You can be my real wife
Chong Zhaonan, you hooligan, I ignore you
Make up for the boss to get the boss.
I'd rather you were really successful